SALES TEAM SIDE

1. Can we have an additional login portal for the "Sales team" Only the admin will be able to create sales team logins

2. They are going to have a login that only allows them to access “User management” just like on the admin side to generate profiles from the sales

3. Can we add an auto generation of username and password using their first and last name, for example my name is FIRST: Chris   LAST: Stanbridge, 
so the user would be ChrisStanbridge (Random set of numbers) for example ChrisStanbridge1432 and password is LAST NAME: Stanbridge (Random set of numbers) 
For example Stanbridge2342

4. Type of payment method if it is financed we want the user to be able to be noticed that their billing date is a week before payment, day before payment day of 
payment and then late payment, we want a notice

5. We need on the “User management” to be able to once the information is filled out by the sales team, we want them to click a button that send the user the an 
email with the login and password along with a list. ENTER COPY HERE -> Need To Ask

6. When somebody purchases an upsell on the sales and admin side we want to be able to have an opton -> NOT NOW

ADMIN SIDE

7. The "Video tutorials" Looks like a duplicate button of the "Lessons” correct me if I'm wrong. -> No need

8. on the top right corner, the "WE" logo looks a little distorted, like stretched up.  

9. All the functionality on the sales team side can be merged with the admin side, because the admin has ultimate control 

10. Where it says “Name” under the “Users Management” tab to have “First Name” and “Last Name” textboxes that replaces “Name” so that way we can track their 
profile at all times

Can we have the ability to adjust the color of the Theme of the User side, for example change the black to blue or enter in an image.  

We want to be able to add photos or videos in the Black boxes above the the make sure that we can put a vimeo link, so that they can hit the button to have 
them expand -> Need To Implement Option to Add Photos and Videos

USER SIDE 

We don’t want the users to be able to edit their first and last name for legal reasons 

Can you update the text on the “Your Training Programs” section…. 

a. WE Transformation ™?:  

“The core program and simple systems that gives you the real wealth, health, and happiness you want.”   

b. WE Accelerator ™?: 

“The intensive training that builds your 7 figure business, and rapidly develop the skills that separate the REAL entrepreneurs from the WANT-trepreneurs.”  

c. WE Experience ™?: 

“Now you can finally rub elbows with the industry leaders who’ve scaled multiple billion dollar businesses… and learn how to shake hands with them on your next 
deal.” 

Under the “User” drop down menu under “your progress”, on the “Your Level Of Play Tab”  

On the “Help” drop down menu, we would like to remove the link “help center” and just leave “How to get help”  

On the “Community” drop down menu, we would like to remove the link “How to Get Help” 

Where it says “Hi User” on the left side can we have it to where the Users Logo is there instead of a little person  

Have the Black Boxes for the training modules stretched to 181 pixels.(250PX)

center “Your Training Programs” Text And the bottom of the  

Search: Pick the “Wealth Entourage Mind” by searching through all of our content including training videos, Q&A video calls & more.    CONTINUE: same 

Facebook Group: Join our active community of customers who are all on the same path, ask questions, join in!   CONTINUE: https://bit.ly/2m1KIw4  

Q&A Call: Attend weekly Q&A video calls, ask questions and get answers live from our expert coaches.   CONTINUE: https://zoom.us/j/134971836 

Help Center: If you have any issues that cannot be answered inside of the Facebook group write us an email here and we’ll get to you as soon as we can.
CONTINUE: mailto:mycreditmasterysolutions@gmail.com



1) No need of pop-up in videos - completed
2) Text need to be visible in programs - completed
3) Space need to be remove in user home page - completed
4) Color configuration need to remove for the user admin part - completed
5) search need to functional for all the modules - completed
6) Week theme part need to removed in details program part - completed
7) Consulting need to remove in admin login page - completed
8) Register button need to remove in user login page - completed
9) Programs need to enable & disable dynamically based on the selection - completed
10)Need replace "TH" with "TM" - completed
11)Background color need to configurable to the login pages from admin section. - completed


Welcome to the E-HAWK Customer Portal
An account has been created for you to access the portal.
Login at https://portal.e-hawk.net/ with the following:

Username: mouhamed@mskinternetads.com
Password: 50a3cc759318b


./magento setup:install --base-url=http://142.93.206.83/magento2/ --db-host=localhost --db-name=magento2 --db-user=magento2 --db-password=password --admin-firstname=super --admin-lastname=admin --admin-email=admin@admin.com --admin-user=admin --admin-password=admin@123 --language=en_US --currency=USD --timezone=Asia/Kolkata --use-rewrites=1